56⁶ mox ιν

adamnanum· llssssmddtwffimwoevugffl χ
mlasmmpamoadmbunhmthefuroeoftmff*
innotmydnrmoconingtonzmdatispmplikenluis
moeddimmrm 1183ἃαιιίιίαιε*ᾱωωωῌ
mvdfflfiaoedoedoiopaniddiifmim inGrilS}
quudbnhantexenphfimmmdmdamnmpudlmnequmh
htunoetnequohtinum’hch. llssopommiazthoffi
&mnidpoeoepobefoeemmyoensonmnpmumpmpoep
minusad tholikez Ribbeck I seorepoetodly introdoeuffl
firmintoVirgilmonotoeltoIM: oie„ orator 157 prdflsp
mmmmmmdhvymlowmcientmdmm
mmm: yet 'omen sometimes feol tm love inm
llossoeumimozTerAndn794mnimma, Uiscum
sedandam lloospatdoamzmlofflmh
..imQOwiztmwnodaeinoffomepuiumdoewmdu
lmillomnoet mymoenffiofemaloe, aooordingtolmfioe‘
mlpnctioevhmtheaeferenoeistodiffemntgendouwlmae·
κακαὶ αὐαὶηοοᾱπίῐοηεωωιὶηγεῐοδοοίᾶοίὼ
sambiam lmmmnoemsahmheffionmd
mothclikeitisfoundinlmr.;foru8500uoadliooeimyn‡
uithgedmfflffiadviwlwmdthisodoguoappmtohe
oneoshimrliest5inOutullusuuchelissiousmfivquent3nmw5
hhncmfflmuLuerAEmtsswoommdmmtq-um
tbodidonsoemstohnveasimilnreffect5mdll45wmqmmffl
lidum. ml Vnam: 1148 validos Vemriaepmmpmnodm
lfflioeinfi.:8l’lnoeiafmdeminduimw
lm—lmzwoeffingutheoeedofthemmorvomaumik
ttmoeption,thechildinmorelikot'otheoneortotheothwmd
thisinmhetherthechilclbomloorfemala Imma&
taoemoeminesuovirilioemina lsslssvimvicitvitimvuy
nimilnrpmgeosflippour.degenit72xpnriwoisusodinthem
ny3 comp too Plnt de plac. phil. v ll where itisgiven aa a etoiml
ὼὼὶῡᾳὼμὸᾶαρατῆοῃτότῆςγωπαόῆὅμοιωεῐνατὸγωῴαα
ήμητρζῶδδτδτῶἆνδρόμῆὁνδρίεῡουωτ.ἀοάἰθιιιὶ6,μ16
1³mfmthisthooryt0Anmgom: Amaqommtemdmmn's
ffimnfmtmeuasmgqfaxmmpummm ψ
mmayhmgotthisumanyotherthinfflfinmbimbutffipp

«ω, whom Lm. had evidentsy studia do μὴ und 8 tache
precisely thomum comp especially 8 ὁκὼεμςδῶπλέω ἑνμβάληω
ἕςτόἒοαόαικαῖἅτότλῶνυνχωρίαταῖσῷωτοςμείνγτᾶπλᾶωι
wmwmvywfflmwqumpzmm
ωὶωῖψοςγοόμυοςέοπὸτικᾶλλιονέοικετῇμητρὶῆτῷπατρίτωῒωὶ

 

