mm! :3

haveboengivmmvillbemffi. hux-a-
dasoetmustbetoldzhennnh'nbnkzhnmmi
thetexssmllesttoossoentbetdduffb'niqfifln-ngh
ming. Sofnsgoedzbmflthmdudnniundm
ufthstosLueretiusnmnnt hnlnyufig'ziyzuua‘nmn
wffieimtknovledgoofhbqunihssnmkhun»
frequently περὶ] hluuhted ni grui? τῇ a: pm
vorzhzformmploedthhmffiss-euzsfiQL, id.
1513-516. Hinwmmntehn‘kssiinln'nffln
ressnofthomnnoedlmui-iaprfflmmm:
emmdhimthouithgmtm Asiani-namin,
vhemitispooeiblmimdlfflmnyzffimh
mmthimsalflnvelmkedupm-oeiymu: raum
ndmimmmtoomedeunxhehmffigvmmn
mendatium Hehnhovewntffimdus'nffirss'mnss
nukforoehohnuhngnczeffizngagmm
affidavmhpefidioeqmdpunssmfflm.
messampinlffiidfflnmdlnmhffiffin
8011ae Theromnbelittlefflthnafflmykyffinqfi
ofhindmhztionfor luam he hu find ἵει mffly:
yethenotunfreqnentlydiffmmkin Wmhmatkd
rudingheisgenmllyrighuvhmkmhsmeqm
ofhismboisosteurerymdul ΗιΗιμιμιὲι-ιω
ώωηωώᾶηυὴυῃωιωὶιπωὴᾶιὲαςὲπίὲὲη
ὶὴαοίιιιοὼιὼιὼὶῑωεάυῖωὲἰὴηωιίἓιηῖι Tu
impulsegivenbyhchmnmhefflydmpmknfflffl
numerouspapoeueitherinmedinthffinpkkbffimkn
orpnblsshedbythmoelva Sommdmmdh'afn
maezmynotmssldwwvhmlhnbmmwum ῡιε
Ευρὴᾖμδῆαᾱωώωίηωίωὶςιίιαὶᾱὼηὼωέ
themeQbuiumttetmdpoefiannmfflheudwd
elsewhere.
Toreturnnovtothemnuserifuvboeehimutkffl
above. Thoughlexaminedthetronthdmhmbywhg
:goathemtnmnoflfflzwhstrfflmbenidostbahbmd
fiomhchmannwhohndtbeminhishandsfoedxnmthnddning
thatimeappliodthevholesoroeoshisputindmdpwmq
intellecttounravellingnlltheir difficultioemdohmitia Bothus
already mentioned, belonged to the magnificent eossoetion d Ine
Vestina Theolderandbetterosthetvoisostheninthoeutuq
writteninacloernndboeutifulhand:1oellitss Ithnbemm-
roewdbytwoucdboentthotimothntthemvuvrimnlaeh·

mantellum oneosthoeeiaofgroetimpomnoezinmtmffl

 

